Translate update for Jun (#314)
TOAST-DOCS/Gamebase: en/aos-purchase.md

    * 2-1. If the item has not been provided yet, call the Gamebase server's Payment Transaction API to verify that the paymentSeq value is matched with the response field and purchaseToken value is valid.
        * [Game > Gamebase > API Guide > Purchase(IAP) > Get Payment Transaction](./api-guide/#get-payment-transaction)
        * purchaseToken corresponds to **accessToken** in the server API guide document 
    * 2-2. gamebaseProductId can be found in the response field of the server's Payment Transaction API 
        * gamebaseProductId also exists in the client's used payment history list, but the value may not be available at the time of reprocessing, so please use the gamebaseProductId value obtained from the server's Payment Transaction API 
    * 2-3. If the Payment Transaction API call succeeds and the purchaseToken is confirmed to be valid, issues the item corresponding to the gamebaseProductId to the UserID 
    * 2-4. After issuing the item, saves the UserID, gamebaseProductId, paymentSeq, and purchaseToken in the game DB to prevent duplicate payments or re-payments 

> 3. Regardless of whether the item has been provided, the game server completes the item provision by calling the Gamebase server's consume API.

Reviewer: 3. `더 이상 미소비 내역이 리턴되지 않도록` 이라는 문구가 한글에 추가되었으나 번역문에는 반영되지 않았습니다.

> 3. Regardless of whether the item has been provided, the game server completes the item provision by calling the Gamebase server's consume API.

Author: ```suggestions
Regardless of whether the item has been provided, the game server completes the item provision by calling the Gamebase server's consume API so that the unspent payment list is no longer returned.
```

Reviewer: @jungparc 댓글로 문장 수정 제안만 해주신 상태인데요, `translaiton-2024-06-25-en` 브랜치에 수정 및 커밋을 부탁드립니다.
